[Music]
hey everyone so today I am well I
haven't put any makeup on and I'm
wearing just my comfies and basically I
decided to do a hair thing kind of like
test the video I was just looking on
Google you know quarantine and
everything so I was looking for kind of
like a heatless way and I came across
this video by Chantal gesture wow if
this works then I am basically going to
be testing out this tutorial that she
did yeah I'm just wondering if it's
gonna come out well and if it does I
don't know I'll probably do it again
sometime
I also have no idea how long this is
gonna take so yeah this is gonna be
interesting so I have some like water
spray
lots of her hands hair brush my hair
clip sorry about this kind of like zero
effort face look yeah I just don't like
putting makeup on when I have spots
because I just feel it's kind of
addictive if you know I mean I'm just
gonna get into the video how much do I
need
[Music]
my goal should look like qui-gon jinn I
always got like a dreadlock
[Music]
I just don't get how such a secure
oh so that took me probably 40 minutes I
think I did switch the camera off for
like 10 minutes so yeah I think I just
have to wait for all of these to dry and
then we'll see I'm really excited I hope
it comes out as good as chantels but if
I look half as good as her then I'll be
happy
see you later hi everyone so it is
actually been overnight and how many
hours has it been a lot I wanted to make
sure they were completely dry because I
don't know I just didn't want it to fail
I really wanted it to work so I've done
my makeup because I want to feel like
the full effect I really hope this works
you know I'm actually really surprised
they stayed in overnight I was sure that
they were gonna just like fall out but
they're actually haven't at all stadium
really well oh my gosh my head is so saw
in the night I couldn't sleep with my
leg like on my back my head only on the
side because I don't know it was just
really really saw it definitely wasn't
very comfortable but yeah this better
work right moment of truth you know I
was actually reading about this last
night and what bantu knots because
that's what they called yeah they
actually originated from Stannis from
South Africa I think
the women used them to kind of control
their hair
[Music]
oh gosh that's say these things are
magical I ended up using like mostly
groups
[Music]
okay so now that all out I'm basically
just gonna kind of separate them and I
think they're well yeah I'm basically
just gonna separate them and kind of
like pull them down and stuff and see
how they come out I actually love this
this is so cute
Wow thank you bantu knots right yes
separate them I'm actually scared about
this bit because
[Music]
Lord
oh my gosh is it okay if you're like
I've just had a perm Joe what I might
FaceTime some and show him if you're
like he's gonna love it oh my gosh this
is so cool Wow okay yeah let me get my
phone all right Sam you're on record I'm
on YouTube
I got a woman I've got to show you my
hair you're gonna love it okay you ready
[Music]
okay so I paid around with them a bit
more wow that's a beautiful color so
yeah if you liked this video and want me
to try out more kind of tutorials or
things like that
then let me know in the comments and
obviously you like if you want and
subscribe
oh yeah um I have that in the in the
downbar section I've left a bit of info
about like the origins of bantu knots if
you interested and want to have a little
weed so yeah hope you guys liked the
video and I will see you next time bye
[Music]